{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 2\
Aphr-2\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs26 \cf0 Prompt: Challenge from Seth\
\
Finn: Well the Clash Tournament officially starts today, but I don't think I should be challenging anyone anytime soon. [Finn Reluctant Face] At my current level\'85\
\
[Classmate B enters][Finn Neutral Face]\
Seth's Classmate: Greetings, fellow student. I'm looking for Finn. Is he here?\
Finn: That would be me. What's up?\
Seth's Classmate: Our commander, Seth, wishes to issue a formal challenge. Will you accept?\
Finn: Uh, shouldn't Seth have come here himself then?\
Seth's Classmate: Seth does not issue challenges himself. He lets his subordinates take care of the formalities. He concerns himself with studying, and coming up with actual strategies to win.\
Finn: Well, that makes sense, in an anti-social kind of way.\
\
~ Finn receives Seth's Letter of Challenge ~\
\
Finn: \
	A) Okay, I accept.  (Aphr-2-A)\
	B) I don't think I'm ready for a Clash just yet. (Aphr-2-B)\
	C) Hold on, I'm not accepting this! (Aphr-2-C)\
	D) This is a waste of time. (Aphr-2-D)\
\

\b Aphr-2-A\
\

\b0 Finn: So, do I sign this, stamp it with "Received" or something?\
Seth's Classmate: No, that will be all. Seth will be expecting you on the battle grounds at 3:00PM sharp. He trusts you won't be tardy, like you were to this morning's orientation?\
Finn: [Finn reluctant face] I was hoping no one would bring that up. Yes, I promise I won't be tardy. (Aphr3)\
\

\b Aphr-2-B\

\b0 Finn:
\b  
\b0 Can you send this back and tell Seth that I asked to take a rain check? I don't think I'm ready for a Clash just yet.\
Seth's Classmate: I'm afraid I can't do that. Seth will be most inconvenienced.\
Finn: Well, that's just too bad for him. I'm not ready, come back later.\
Seth's Classmate: And Professor Osiris will not take this lightly.\
Finn: [Finn surprised face] Huh?\
Seth's Classmate: You know, Professor Osiris, the school prefect? He will hear that you turned down our leader's challenge.\
Finn: Are you threatening me?\
Seth's Classmate: No, I would not do such a dishonorable thing. I am merely stating the facts. Should you decline, I will bear no ill will. Osiris, however\'85\
Finn: [Finn reluctant face]\'85 Fine, I really don't want to get on that sourpuss' bad side.\
Seth's Classmate: Good! We shall see you in battle then! (Aphr3)\

\b \
Aphr-2-C\

\b0 Finn: Hold on, I'm not accepting this! Tell him to come here himself!\
Seth's Classmate: I'm afraid I cannot do that.\
Finn: [Finn surprised face] What? Why not? He's your leader, isn't he? He should listen to you guys.\
Seth's Classmate: Seth is extremely shy. \
Finn: \'85 Are you serious?\
Seth's Classmate: Yes. He is very, very shy. He would not have been able to issue the challenge face to face. That is why we volunteer to take care of all the social matters, so our leader will not be inconvenienced.\
Finn: [Finn reluctant face] *So this Seth guy is that well-loved, huh?* Fine, I really don't want to fight a Clash, but I do want to meet this Seth character. \
Seth's Classmate: Great! The Clash shall take place as scheduled then. (Aphr3)
\b \
\
Aphr-2-D\

\b0 Finn: This is a waste of time. I have more important things to do.\
Seth's Classmate: What do you possibly have to do that is of greater importance?\
Finn: I have very important things to do.\
Seth's Classmate: Then I shall wait until you finish.\
Finn: I have lots of very important things to do.\
Seth's Classmate: \'85\
Finn: Could take days.\
Seth's Classmate: \'85\
Finn: I'm not kidding.\
Seth's Classmate: Sir, I will not leave your side until I've fulfilled my mission.\
Finn: \'85 You're not going to leave until I accept?\
Seth's Classmate: \'85\
Finn: Fine, let's get this over with. I'd rather not have a stalker this early on in the school year.(Aphr3)
\fs24 \
\
}