{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10960\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 2\
Aphr-3\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Prompt: Hero visits Patron. Patron Talks to Rival God.\
\
Aphr-3\
\
Finn: [Finn neutral face] You summoned me, Miss Aphrodite?\
Aphrodite: Yes, Finn, that I did. So, how's Mythos treating you so far? \
Finn: Uh, I've been well. \
Aphrodite: Really? How's your love life? \
Finn: [Finn surprised face] M-My lovelife?!\
Aphrodite: You're so cute! I'm just teasing you, Finn! Don't be so uptight.\
Finn: [Finn neutral face] \'85 Er, sure. So um, why did you call for me, Miss Aphrodite? \
\
Aphrodite: Oh! Well, I heard that Osiris' champion, Seth, sent you a formal challenge earlier. Did you accept?\
Finn: Yeah. We have a Clash scheduled tomorrow afternoon. [Finn reluctant face] Wait, that happened like, ten minutes ago. How'd you know about it so quickly?\
Aphrodite: You know, that Seth may look a bit intimidating, but he's a real sweetheart. Quite a rare breed, nowadays. He'd be a great catch. It's just too bad he's so timid.\
Finn: \'85 Okay.\
\
Aphrodite: Oh, dear, I'm getting sidetracked again! Anyway, I summoned you here to give you this.\
\
~ Finn receives Aphrodite's Blessing: Super Bass ~\
\
Finn: [Finn neutral face] What? A second Blessing?\
Aphrodite: Yep. This second Blessing is for raising your classmates' spirits, so they can fight better! You can say that it's like a power up. You'll need it when you go against Seth.\
Finn: \
	A) Thanks Miss Aphrodite!\
	B) Really? I don't see how this is going to be much help.\
\
Aphrodite:\
	-A) You're welcome, dear. Use it wisely.\
	-B) Listen up, compared to the other class presidents, having only one Blessing will put you at a significant disadvantage. Some of the others have already earned three!\
\
Finn: [FInn reluctant face] Still, I don't think I've earned this one \'96\
\
Aphrodite: Finn, my Blessing isn't for you. It's for your classmates. As your patron and your homeroom teacher, I'm concerned. Seth is a challenging opponent. This Blessing is meant to even out the odds.\
\
Finn: Oh, that makes sense. I'm sorry, Miss Aphrodite. It's just\'85 I'm new here, and \'96\
Aphrodite: No need to explain things, dear. Now, run along. You and your class have to prepare for tomorrow.\
\
[Finn leaves]\
\
???: Two Blessings already? Really now, goddess. You spoil your champions far too much. Sooner or later they become too "chill".\
\
[Osiris enters]\
\
Osiris: Honestly, that boy just arrived two days ago, and you're treating him as if he's higher ranked than the other champions. He isn't special, Aphrodite.\
\
Aphrodite: But he is, Os. And you of all people should know that, since you're the one that assigned him as class president. \
\
Osiris: Hmph. True.\
\
Aphrodite: And remember, all of us Titans know the circumstances of that boy. He wouldn't have been in this school in the first place, if you hadn't approved my request. \
\
Osiris; Still, I don't support you giving away your blessings just like that. We gods must maintain a certain standard, you know. Otherwise, these heroes will just keep on asking things from us.\
\
Aphrodite: He's my champion, Os. Let me do things my way.\
\
Osiris: Very well, Aphrodite. I shall trust your better judgement, for now.\
\
[Osiris leaves]\
\
Aphrodite: It appears that there's trouble brewing. Finn, I hope you're prepared.\
\
}