{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10160\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 2\
Aphr-2-5\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Prompt: After fighting the Rival.\
\
Seth's classmate: I honestly expected you'd be better at this, since you beat last year's winner, but I guess that was just a fluke.\
Finn: [Finn reluctant face] \'85\
???: Sergeant! That is no way to talk to a superior, even if he is from the opposing camp.\
\
[Seth enters]\
\
Seth: Return to the classroom.\
Seth's classmate: Y-yes, sir.\
\
[Seth's classmate leaves]\
\
Seth: I'm terribly sorry, Finn. Please excuse my classmate's behavior. It was very rude of her.\
Finn: [Finn smiling face] No worries.\
Seth: Anyway, I sincerely hope you do get better at this. I'd like for our classes to Clash again in the future.\
Finn: \
	A) [Finn reluctant face] Yeah, I hope I get better at this Clash thing too. \
	B) [Finn confident face] You bet I will. And when that time comes, I'll come challenge you again.\
Seth: \
	Response A) Consult your patron. Perhaps she has some tips for you.\
	Response B) Then I will eagerly await your challenge.\
\
Seth: Anyway, I should to go. Osiris is expecting a report on this Clash by the end of the day. Until next time, Finn.\
\
[Seth leaves]\
\
Finn: He's actually a really nice guy after all.\
\
}