{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 2\
Aphr-2-6\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs26 \cf0 Prompt: Prize: Rival God talks with champion
\b\fs24 \

\b0 \
[Osiris enters]\
Osiris: Hold it right there, Finn.\
Finn: [Finn surprised face] P-Professor Osiris! A-Am I in trouble?\
[Aphrodite enters]\
Aphrodite: Relax, sweetie. You're not in trouble.\
Osiris: Come see me in my office at 13:00 sharp. Be tardy again and I'll send you to detention.\
[Osiris leaves]\
\
Finn: [Finn reluctant face] When he says it that way, I find it hard to believe that I'm not in trouble. \
Aphrodite: Tee hee, you kids are so adorable. Don't worry, Osiris just has something to tell you, that's all.\
\
[In Osiris' office]\
Osiris: Well, that took you long enough. Come in, Finn. I don't have all day.\
Finn: [Finn reluctant face] Uh, professor, why am I here?\
Osiris: Finn, do you realize the implications of carrying Aphrodite's Blessings?\
Finn: [Finn neutral face] Uh, Miss Aphrodite said that it was so that I could support my allies.\
Osiris: Wrong. It is not so you can help people. She bestowed upon you her Blessings because she entrusted her will to you. It just so happens that Aphrodite's will is to support your classmates. Bearing her Blessing is not a privilege, but a responsibility.\
Finn: Oh, I see. That makes sense.\
Osiris: Anyway, today you've shown exceptional skill in battle, despite your shortcomings. Having recognized such honor in you, I am inclined to reward you with this.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 If battle was won, Aphr-6-A\
else, Aphr-6-B
\i0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Aphr-6-A\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 ~ Finn receives 1000 honor points. ~\
\
Finn: [Finn surprised face] Woah! What's this for, professor?\
Osiris: Are you stupid, boy? Gods can award you honor points. Haven't you read the student handbook?\
Finn: [Finn reluctant face]  Er, sure. Let's just say that I have.\
Osiris: Something tells me I should take that back. Anyway, through today's victory, you have proven yourself worthy to be called a champion, Finn. In fact, you've gained my respect, which is not an easy feat. \
Finn: [Finn reluctant face] Erm, thank you?\
Osiris: While you are not as attuned to my will as Seth is, you may receive my Blessing, should you accept the responsibilities it entails.\
Finn:  [Finn surprised face] What? I thought I could only receive Miss Aphrodite's blessings.\
Osiris: Did you or did you not read the student handbook?\
Finn: [Finn reluctant face] **Something tells me I should just stop talking.**\
Osiris: Well with the honor you've obtained, you now have a choice. My first blessing allows you to strike fear and immobilize your enemies. Would you accept responsibility for wielding such power?\
\
Redeem 1000 honor points for Skill: Scary Face? \
	A) Yes (Aphr-6-C)\
	B) No (Aphr-6-D)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Aphr-6-B\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 ~ Finn receives 500 honor points. ~\
\
Finn: [Finn surprised face] Woah! What's this for, professor?\
Osiris: Are you stupid, boy? Gods can award you honor points. Haven't you read the student handbook?\
Finn: [Finn reluctant face] Er, sure. Let's just say that I have.\
Osiris: Something tells me I should take that back. Anyway, although you lost today's battle, you've piqued my interest. While you are not as attuned to my will as Seth is. I do believe that perhaps, you may be suited to bear my Blessings as well.\
Finn:  [Finn surprised face] What? I thought I could only receive Miss Aphrodite's blessings.\
Osiris: Did you or did you not read the student handbook?\
Finn: [Finn reluctant face] **Something tells me I should just stop talking.**\
Osiris: Well with the honor you've obtained, you still lack enough for me to actually lend you my power. Once you've gained 1000 honor points, come back and see me. (Main navigation)\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Aphr-6-C\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 ~ Finn receives Skill: Scary Face ~\
\
Osiris: Good. I expect you to use this wisely. While Aphrodite's will is for her champions to support your allies, my will is for my champions to follow the paths of kings, and unite your troops. Discipline and authority are of utmost importance.\
Finn: [Finn confident face] I understand, professor. I won't let you down.\
Osiris: It would be in your best interest not to, boy. Now, get going. Your next class starts in 10 minutes. (Main navigation)\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Aphr-6-D\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Osiris: Very well then. If you change your mind, you know where to find me.  (Main navigation)}