{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 2\
Aphr-5\

\b0\fs24 Prompt: After fighting the Rival.\
\
???: Finn.\
\
[Seth & Seth's Classmate enters]\
\
Finn: Oh, hey Seth. What's up?\
Seth's classmate: Show some respect, new kid. Just because you've won this time doesn't mean that you've the right to get cocky. If anything, you were just lucky.\
Seth: Sergeant! That is no way to talk to a superior, even if he is from the opposing camp.\
Seth's classmate: Y-yes, sir.\
Seth: Return to the classroom. I wish to speak with Finn in private.\
Seth's classmate: W-what? Really? Er, okay. \
\
[Seth's classmate leaves]\
\
Seth: I'm terribly sorry, Finn. Please excuse my classmate's behavior. It was very rude of her.\
Finn: [Finn smiling face] No worries.\
Seth: Anyway, I see now why you were chosen as Aphrodite's champion. You are very skilled, Finn.\
Finn: Really? Thanks. [Finn neutral face] Though, I see why your class respects and relies on you so much. You are a natural leader.\
Seth: Not really, I don't really speak out much. I'm not a very social person.\
Finn: \
	A) [Finn smiling face] Well, I'm glad you're able to talk to me. (Aphr5-A)\
	B) [Finn neutral face] Really? I find that hard to believe. (Aphr5-B)\
\

\b Aphr5-A
\b0 \
Seth: [Seth smile] Yes, same here. You're very approachable, Finn. I guess Aphrodite's champions share that trait in common.\
Finn: [Finn neutral face] Aphrodite's champions? I see. So you've met Laila before?\
Seth: \'85 [Seth blushes] Y-Yes, I've had the honor of making her acquaintance.\
Finn: [Finn confident face] *Interesting. So this guy has a soft spot too.* (Aphr-5-E) \
Seth: \'85 \
\

\b Aphr5-B
\b0 \
Seth: It's difficult for me to approach other people, much less talk to them. That's why I asked Sergeant accompany me over here.\
Finn: Wow, they treat you like you're some kind of prince, huh?\
Seth: \'85 [Seth blushes] They dote on me, but they also rely on me on the field to lead them into victory\'85 most of the time.\
Finn: \
	A) Don't their expectations worry you? (Aphr 5-C)\
	B) Well, I'm sure you'll win the next one! (Aphr5-D)\
\

\b Aphr5-C\

\b0 Finn: [Finn reluctant face] Aren't you ever worried that you can't live up to their expectations? \
Seth: Well, I was chosen as their leader, and regardless of how unqualified I think I am, they rely on me. And my classmates merely expect me to give my best effort and rely on them when I need to. \
Finn: [Finn neutral face] Interesting. With all your military protocol, I thought you guys were all just sticklers for rules.\
Seth: Well, we are all aligned with Osiris' ideology, and he takes structure and order very seriously, so you can say that. But a lot of us were military kids anyway, so it's familiar to us.\
Finn: [Finn smiling face] Cool. Hey, you know, I really enjoyed this conversation. You're very easy to talk to. (Aphr5-A)\
\

\b Aphr5-D
\b0 \
Finn:  [Finn smiling face] Well, I'm sure you'll win the next one, with such supportive classmates by your side! \
Seth: Yes, I take pride in having led my camp to many victories. My classmates feel that way too.\
Finn: [Finn confident face] Wow, and you can say that with confidence. You really know your classmates, huh?\
Seth: [Seth smiles] Well, a Clash isn't a one man show, after all. If it were, I'd hardly be suited to be the leading man. (Aphr-5-E)\
\

\b Aphr5-E
\b0 \
Seth: Anyway, I should go. Osiris is expecting a report on this Clash by the end of the day. It was nice chatting with you, Finn.\
Finn: Hey, Seth. See you around?\
Seth: \'85\
Finn: [Finn confident face] I mean, you know. Just 'coz we're competing doesn't mean we can't hang out, right?\
Seth: \'85 I'd advise you not to get too familiar around me, Finn. At least until this tournament is over. I am still your opponent, and I fully intend to defeat you the next time we meet on the battlefield. \
Finn: [Finn reluctant] Oh, okay.\
Seth: [Seth smiles] So, yeah. See you around.\
\
[Seth leaves]\
\
Finn: [Finn smiling face] He's actually a really nice guy after all.}